docs(upgrade): Adds more detail to upgrade guide. (#4332)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/get-started/upgrade.md

- A CSS variable: `--pf-v5-global--FontSize--lg` becomes `--pf-t--global--font--size--lg`
- A react token: `global_FontSize_lg` becomes `t_global_font_size_lg`

### 3. Update any pixel-based logic

In PatternFly 6, [we've transitioned from using pixels to using rem units,](/get-started/release-highlights#rem-units) which are relative units that adjust font size based on the HTML document root element size. The root size in PatternFly is 16px, meaning 16px would be 1rem, 24px would be 1.5rems, and so on. 

If you have previously implemented any logic based on a pixel value, you will need to account for the fact that PatternFly 6 size and dimension tokens use rems. Dividing pixel values by 16 will give you the equivalent rem value to use.

### Potential test failures

There are a few test failures that you're likely to encounter: 

1. **Button:** Cannot find `aria-disabled`
    - We changed button's `isDisabled` prop to assign a value for `disabled`, but none for `aria-disabled`. As a result, any test that looks for `aria-disabled` may fail.

> 1. **Button:** Cannot find `disabled` when using `byText`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Button:** Cannot find Button attributes when using `byText`
```

Or something like that, since this applies to all attributes on the top level Button element and not just `disabled`

    - There's a new wrapping `div` around text in buttons. The RTL `byText` query returns that wrapper instead of the button element itself, which is where button's attributes live. Instead of `byText`, use `byRole` and pass the button text to `name`. This will return the top-level button element.

> 1. **Select (when using Jest):** Cannot find `role`
>     - You may get an "unable to find role" error if the Popper menu is set to `aria-disabled` after a selection is made, because the RTL query can't find the menu options. This error only seems to occur with Jest, rather than within the browser. To resolve this, either: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Select (when using React Testing Library):** Cannot find `role`
    - You may get an "unable to find role" error if the Popper menu is set to `aria-disabled` after a selection is made, because the RTL query can't find the menu options. This error only seems to occur in unit tests, rather than within the browser. To resolve this, either: 
```
It's more of an RTL thing than Jest, at least I think.

Author: I thought we were talking about right-to-left ahhaha

Amazing, ty!

Reviewer: That is very much not the first time that RTL vs RTL confusion has happened haha
